\begin{abstract}

According to OWASP top vulnerability list, cross-site scripting (XSS)
is among the top five web application vulnerabilities. It allows
attackers to inject malicious code or resources from attacker domains
into the DOM of a vulnerable web page. Browsers are not able to
distinguish between legitimate and malicious content. Therefore,
Content Security Policy (CSP) is a mechanism that enables the browser
to identify potentially malicious injected content in web pages.


By-default CSP doesn¡¯t allow inline scripts and eval, which are used
by almost all website. To use CSP, websites are required to change
their code or allow these potential attack vectors, and hence mitigate
the effectiveness of CSP. The code change requirement is hindering the
adaptation of CSP by web applications (websites). However, there are
savvy users who prefer security over usability. In addition, website
developers need a tool to test different CSP rules for their website
that secure their users and also achieve usability. To address these
issues we propose \codename and prototype our approach in a Firefox
extension using the JetPack framework. \codename allows savvy users to
specify CSP rules to particular websites or to specify general CSP
rules that are enforced on each and every website a user
visits. Moreover, it allows website developers to try out different
CSP rules and iterate to achieve the best suited CSP policy for their
website.

\end{abstract} 
